---
title: Liquidity Digital Asset Custody Agreement
---

EXINONE CO., LIMITED ("ExinOne" or the "Company") is a company incorporated in the Republic of Seychelles under the relevant laws of the Republic of Seychelles. The Liquidity Digital Asset Custody Agreement is (this "Agreement") an agreement between ExinOne and a user ("you" or "User") with respect to the Liquidity Digital Asset Account. ("You" or "User") in connection with the Liquid Digital Asset Account. By using a Liquidity Digital Asset Account, the User and ExinOne agree and consent to all of the terms of this Agreement and all rules, page prompts, operating procedures, announcements and notices that have been or may be issued in the future in connection with this Agreement (collectively, the "Agreement"). Please read this Agreement carefully and in its entirety before accepting it. Make sure you fully understand the terms of this Agreement and all other rules and regulations governing the ExinOne Site. If you do not agree with any part of this Agreement, or if you do not accurately understand our interpretation of the terms, please do not proceed. Both parties mutually acknowledge that The establishment of a liquid digital asset custody account is on a voluntary basis, with the core purpose of providing a better and more stable service. The Company calls on users to keep their long-held coins in the Liquidity Digital Asset Custodian Account to support better and more stable services on the platform.

## I. Definition
Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings. Liquidity Digital Asset Custodian Account ([Liquidity Pool Account]): means the non-financial account established and provided by the Company in order to provide better and more stable services to the Users. Liquidity usage: refers to liquidity hedging between Mixin Robot and each exchange.

## II. Custodial Service
1、Custodial Subject The subject of custody referred to in this agreement is the digital assets transferred to [liquidity pool account] by the user. The User shall guarantee that the User has full rights to the Subject of Custody and that the Subject of Custody does not have any defects in rights such as unknown origin or disputes with third parties, and that the User shall be liable for compensation in the event that the above-mentioned circumstances occur and the Company suffers damage. The user agrees and confirms that the subject of custody is a digital asset with fair market value, and the Company shall not be responsible for any depreciation of the value of the subject of custody due to market fluctuations.
2、Storage period The Company's custody period for the subject matter of custody shall be from the date of establishment and effective date of this Agreement until the User takes out all the subject matter of custody.
3、Custodianship fee Custody service is free of charge.
4、Custody method The [Liquidity Pool Account] is a non-financial account and will not be locked, so the user can deposit or take out the subject of custody at any time; deposit means the operation of transferring from the wallet account to the liquidity digital asset custody account; take out means the operation of transferring from the liquidity digital asset custody account to the wallet account, the amount of the subject of custody taken out by the user shall be less than or equal to the amount of the subject of custody deposited. When the user takes out a large amount of the Custodial Subject, the arrival of the funds may be delayed due to insufficient ExinOne robot pool. the liquid digital asset custody account account will be limited to the total amount and the amount that can be invested by a single user, as detailed in the announcement. The Company will record every transfer in, transfer out and revenue record of the user through the account system. The Company is committed to guaranteeing the safety of 100% of the funds under custody.
5、Use of Custodian Subject The user agrees that the digital assets in the custodian account can be used for liquidity hedging between Mixin Robot and various exchanges for liquidity purposes, and the user has no objection to this.

## III. User Incentives
The assets of the liquidity digital assets custodian account can generate the corresponding asset points to obtain the daily point card EPC airdrop, the specific scoring rules are announced. Contribution of liquid digital assets into the custody account will be awarded with an exclusive medal to enjoy the corresponding benefits, and public recognition will be made.

## IV. Force Majeure
You agree that the Company shall not be liable for any delay, service interruption or failure to perform due to causes beyond our reasonable control, directly or indirectly, including but not limited to the following circumstances. During downtime of our systems for maintenance or upgrades. Force majeure factors such as extreme weather, catastrophic events, terrorist attacks, war, strikes, etc., resulting in the failure of our system to perform its normal operations. Failure of your computer software and hardware and communication lines and power supply lines. Your improper operation or use of our services by means other than those authorized or approved by the Company. Interruption or delay of the Service due to viruses, Trojan horses, malicious program attacks, network congestion, system instability, system or equipment failure, communication failure, power failure, banking reasons, third party service defects or governmental actions. The Company shall not be responsible for any liability arising from the illegal use of the account or password by others due to the user's negligent storage. Other reasons that cannot be attributed to the custody account of liquid digital assets. In the event of the above-mentioned situation, the Company will take reasonable action to actively promote the restoration of normal service.

## V. General Provisions
This Agreement and other terms and rules on this website and the corresponding explanation of terms and understanding of meanings may be cross-referenced, and in case of different understanding, this Agreement shall prevail. If this Agreement does not provide, other terms and rules on the Company's website shall prevail. If part of the terms and conditions of this agreement is found to be illegal by a court of competent jurisdiction, it does not affect the validity of other terms and conditions. In order to provide better and more stable services, the Company reserves the right to change, upgrade or correct the terms of this Agreement at its sole discretion. Newly formulated and modified rules will be published on this platform without individual notification, and will take effect immediately upon publication.

